document warpx example (#196)
optimas-org/optimas: doc/source/examples/bo_with_warpx.rst

.. _bo-with-warpx:

Optimization with WarpX
=======================

Description
~~~~~~~~~~~

This examples shows how to perform a Bayesian optimization of a laser-plasma
accelerator (LPA) using WarpX simulations.

> The LPA to be optimized is based on

Reviewer: This sentence seems incomplete.

Author: Yep, that was a stub I meant to delete.  It's gone now

The objective function to optimize (maximize) is defined as

.. math::
   f = \epsilon_f + 100\epsilon_i \left(1.0 - \frac{Q_f}{Q_i}\right)

where :math:`\epsilon_i` and :math:`\epsilon_f` are the initial and final beam emittances, respectively,
and :math:`Q_i` and :math:`Q_f` are the initial and final beam charges.
This objective is optimized by tuning 2 parameters:

- ``'adjust_factor'``: parameter in the range :math:`[0.7, 1.05]` that scales the
  strength of the magnetic field between the first and second stage.
  The value ``adjust_factor=1`` corresponds to a focusing strength of :math:`454535.7\, \mathrm{T/m}`.

> - ``'zlen'``: the left or starting position position of the laser in millimetres, with range

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``'zlen'``: the position of the focusing plasma lens in millimetres, with range
```
